Everybody,
what do you do?
Okay, I am going to call to order the
town of Andover Board of Selectmen
special meeting for Thursday, November
20th, 2025 at uh 7:02.
Our first order of business is the
pledge of allegiance. I pledge
allegiance to the flag of the United
States of America and to the republic
for which it stands, one nation under
God, indivisible, with liberty and
justice for all.
Okay. Public speak.
I'll start with Kaitlin.
>> Hi. Um, just a couple of things. Um,
one, um, if any of you know anyone that
might be interested in, um, being on the
board of education, we do have an
opening as of December 1st. Um, and we
will need to appoint, um, a Republican
or non-affffiliated person. Um, so just
trying to put the word out there for
anyone that may be interested in our
town. Um, and and we will give an
official notice to the town clerk as
well. Um and then uh secondly um the
results of the audit for both the town
and the school um did result with us
needing to have a corrective action plan
submitted to um the internal audit
within the department of education. Um
the due date for that corrective action
plan was supposed to be June 17th. It
still has not been submitted. Um, we are
receiving letters from the state now and
there is concern that it may start
affecting our ability to get grants. Um,
so I I really urge um the interim town
administrator and our board of selectmen
to work with us uh the superintendent um
to get that corrective action plan
finalized. Um thank you so much.
Um, Christine Rendazo.
>> Hi, good evening. I am just sitting on
the call this evening. I am on the board
for the veterans field committee
improvements and uh I just wanted to be
present in case any topics came up. I
know Jim is new. I could fill in the
blanks. So,
>> okay. All right. Um,
Chris,
>> I'm just here sitting in. Okay,
>> test gross.
>> We're in public speak.
>> Oh,
>> I just Are you asking me if I have
anything to say?
>> You're the last one.
>> Oh, no. I'm all set. Thank you.
All right. Did I miss anyone?
>> We have Kimberly Persan just joined.
>> Kimberly Persan.
>> I'm all set. Thank you.
>> All right.
>> And Jerry Corme.
>> Jerry Corme.
>> Thankful to be here this evening and to
be with you. I want to say thank you to
all the people who have served and are
changing our seats for different boards
coming up. And thank you to those people
who gave their time and they their help.
Uh I also want to say welcome to the
people who are joining these boards to
serve our town. And I I so appreciate
the time you spend.
Uh not just because of the time I've
spent but because I realize how precious
time is. And I would really like to
thank you for giving up your time.
The other thing I'd like to say is
I remember way back a number of years
ago, I was at a border selement meeting
and Jeff Maguire and Adrien were there.
I remember
Jeff saying, "Well, Adrien, we're going
to just agree to disagree because I'm
not changing the way I think about
that." And I thought about that for over
the period of time and you know Jeff is
right.
We are going to we got to have to agree
to disagree.
But I think the most important thing is
that while we're doing that we maintain
a level of civility, respect and honor
for each other. Um our town is very
important to all of us. We all love our
town.
That's why we're there.
And we have to be respectful of one
another's opinions and ideas.
Um,
you also have to give people autonomy.
Especially in this meeting you're having
tonight. I'm thinking about people you
want to hire
for interim positions, for
permanent positions, and that
you're going to be looking at people
When you choose a person to take a job,
you should be confident enough in their
ability to do the job to their best of
their
their ability and that they're going to
do the what's best for the town.
You have to have oversight of sure you
do.
Now, you have three boards here, not
here, but tonight, but you have three
boards. Board of Finance, Board of
Selectmen, and Board of Education.
The Board of Education. And I know Jeff,
you and I may have to agree to disagree
on this. You've often had a discussion
with me, and I've talked with you about
how I feel that the board of education
is autonomous.
Is it part of the town? Yes, it is. It
has a responsibility of the town. Yes,
it does. But it's independent.
and we've hired our superintendent
and I think we've had a darn good one
for five years.
I think that Valerie has done an awesome
job. People who have served that board
have done an awesome job. We don't all
agree. We have different viewpoints, but
we do the best we can. And it is my hope
that we can work together and give each
other the respect they deserve.
and stand by your employee that you
hired.
Uh Jeff, I know you've lost Eric
Anderson.
I hope we don't lose Valerie. She does a
great job in running our school
district.
And so I don't believe in micromanaging.
So I I step back and let people do what
they know how to do best. With that all
in mind, I wish you have a good evening.
and support each other.
That's all I have to say. Thank you.
>> All right. Thank you. Um do we miss
anybody else?
>> Okay. Um item three, discuss and
possible action on the elderly and
social service director.
I just would like to say that I think
that um if Tess is willing to take that
on as the director of our community and
senior center, I think that's where
those positions belong.
And I know that Tess is on um
if she's willing to take on that
position, I would like to make the
motion that she be appointed for those
two positions.
>> Okay. Um,
I had asked
if there was a job description of those
two positions out. And Carol, have you
ever seen a description of those
positions?
>> I have not, but the municipal agent to
the elderly is uh defined by state
statute.
Um, and it does say in the statute that
it is best for someone who does work in
the senior center. Um,
I I have never seen a social services
job description, but again, municipal
agent to the elderly is defined by state
statute.
And
just so we're clear, we're we're are we
asking
her to absorb this in her current hourly
structure or are we asking her to
increase her hours?
>> Um I would like if she's willing to
increase by a couple hours a week and
then uh give her the salary that goes
along with it.
Is that what all the other members are
looking at?
>> Uh Jeeoff, I had a little discussion
with Tess earlier and um there was some
discussion about making this like a
temporary appointment
and just see how it rolls out with them
and how we're how it would be folded in
uh in the next contract goaround. So, if
we just did this as an interim basis, we
just appointed with with with the
stipends for both positions
um and just see how they fit into that
position because if it's something that
they feel like they're overwhelmed with
with their current duties in their hours
that they're working, we may have to go
and look at for somebody else
independently like we're doing with
Linda Derek or you know, somebody else.
I mean, that's my take on it. That is a
really good idea just with do the
temporary for the till the end of the
fiscal year
>> and then and then if they want to take
it on we could build it into the
contracts going forward.
>> Right.
>> How many hours a week is that position
supposed to be?
>> The MOA that was out prior said no more
than four hours a week would be required
for the position.
Okay. Um,
this is one of those things that we as a
board and just for town benefits need to
get um
a more detailed job description
generated for these two positions so
that we understand what is entailed in
those those duties.
So, I I I don't have um
>> Yeah, I wouldn't take something on Jeff
if I didn't know what the
responsibilities were. You know, it's
just
>> they need they need to know what the
expectations are.
>> We can't hold them accountable for
things if
>> you know we don't have an accurate job
description.
Did anyone look at the MOA to see
because I'm sure with the union that
position would have been outlined in the
MOA
exactly what was expected.
Um,
>> and I know Eric did send us all the MOA
before he left for that position.
I uh
I don't think the MOA outlined it
exactly as I would think you would want
to do it. You you want to sit there and
understand that
and listen these job these if I
understand my conversations with Roberta
this is more of a
uh an advisory role and and funneling
the individuals to the appropriate
resources that are available from a
state perspective and
>> that's correct
>> uh
I have no problem
asking Tess she would want to take that
position over and I do think it should
go there. I have had discussions with
her. I think it would be appropriate for
us to increase
the hours on
either her or um well, we'll I
understand we'll make it we'll have it
Tess and we'll have it be a temporary
position and I I don't have a problem
with those concepts as long as Tess is
willing to do it.
>> So Tess, I'm going to ask you if you're
Yeah, I think my biggest concern is uh
job description. Uh for me uh municipal
agent and social services that would be
com combined. Am I am I correct on that?
>> Correct.
>> And that would be temporary until June.
And I'm hearing that Jeff Murray would
have grace and
that that hold
it would it would um I would be willing
if you had a job description.
>> Okay. Uh, we will have that. And I would
like to do this
tonight to sit there and just get this
appointed because statutoily we have to
get
one of the roles appointed. Um and Tess
uh in speaking with Roberta uh we can go
through the issues that she has faced
recently because prior to this Kathy
Plazy held those two roles and and and
tell me if I'm wrong Carol I just want
to make sure I'm saying that correctly.
And prior to Kathy, I helped not the
municipal agent but social services. So
>> quite a bit of it went through my office
because we didn't have we went through
quite a few people there.
>> Okay. So we'll want to sit there test
and get you
an understanding of of a better
understanding of what the jobs will
entail. I don't believe they're
extremely time consuming, but I do
believe that if you have um
there could be some times where we're
going to have to help you when you have
a resident, I believe, that needs to be
moved or um
I'm I'm not going to say it correctly,
but it's almost like a hoarding, you
know, If we have to move an elderly
resident, um,
we'll have to give you some help,
right? Um, Jeff, is it possible to get
Robera Tess and the board members
together and
>> Oh, absolutely. we let's just get this
ironed out like over an hour meeting and
then and know as the position goes along
if Tess in and I I could see this
actually um this stipend you know I
would like to see Haley or Tess be able
to charge it because if Tess is out on
vacation or something and Haley needs to
do something can can either one of them
charge the stip end towards the stip
end. Well, Tess is the director of the
community center, so if she is on
vacation, then she would be the one in
charge obviously and ask Kaye to assume
those duties.
>> Yeah. But there's a just a a case where
somebody needs to, you know, she's out
and somebody needs to do those functions
that they can we just need to make a
mechanism so they're actually able to be
paid,
>> right? So if it's if Haley is an hourly
employee and she has to go over an hour
or two obviously whatever her hourly
wage because that's another thing we
have to work on is a job description for
the assistant to the director of the
community and senior center
>> right so
>> and the hourly wage will have to set too
>> um I had uh requested uh information
from
from Roberta related to the position and
um we will get together and organize
that and and
improve the job description and the the
information related to the tasks that
are associated with these roles. Um,
I do believe from my conversations with
her, a lot of it is really um searching
out state and federal resources and
providing that information to the
seniors when they have an issue. Um, so
but we have
>> we have to get you the information test.
So
>> Tess is doing that right now anyway. A
lot of it with helping the seniors with
getting the supplemental for Medicare
and that. So, she's taking on a lot of
those roles anyway. And like you said,
the social services part is you just
direct them to Access or other agencies
that are able to help because we have a
very small fuel fund. We don't fund
social services.
>> Okay. Um, and to deal with Jeff's point,
that would be something that, um, you
know, the the
additional hours that would be required
if Tessa was on vacation. I'll tell you,
I'm being really honest. I mean,
no one got the additional stipen if
Roberto was on vacation.
So,
um,
>> but there really probably wasn't a lot
of call during those times when she was
on vacation. And I,
you know, it's holiday time, so we do
the giving tree and things like that for
families and when they sign up. So,
>> okay. Well, if someone would like to
make a motion, we can sit there and move
this on. Task
>> has a question.
>> Um, so I will just ask uh Jeff, what I
heard you say was that we could get
together and work on that. Do you have a
date in mind? Can we can we
put this in motion and and have a date
that we can
>> uh how about next week
>> complete all this?
>> I'm off all next week.
>> I'm available
if you guys want to get it together with
the board. It's a couple board members
as well.
I mean Monday or Tuesday test so we
don't interfere with the holiday
>> and uh
>> we'll get the information organized from
Roberta to understand what
she believes the role entailed for her
and we'll we'll try to iron out what
what you're going to be looking at and
what you're going to have to do.
>> Okay. So, Monday, and we don't have a
time yet, but we're agreeing on Monday.
>> Uh, why don't we say 11 o'clock?
>> Okay.
Thank you.
>> All right.
Okay. So, if somebody wants to make that
motion, we can and move to the next
item. I move that Tess be appointed
municipal agent to the elderly and
social services director
pending her approval of the job
description
and
the hours that it would entail
>> until temporarily until June 30th.
until June 30th or is is that what you'd
like Tess just to have it till June
30th? A temporary
>> unless we agree sooner.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. If we put together a contract, we
would word that we would build that into
our contract, those rules.
>> Okay. All right. Perfect.
>> Okay. Um
>> I'll second it, but I got to ask a
question. Did you did you deal with
compensation?
>> I just said that she should get the
stipen that we were giving to Roberta.
That same stipend.
>> Okay,
then I'm all good. So, I second it. Any
further discussion
all those? Well, I'm going to take a
roll call. Any.
Carol Lee,
>> I
>> Jeff Murray,
>> Scott Person,
>> I
>> Jeff Magcguire. Hi. So, it's 5 nothing.
All right. Thank you, Tess. We will meet
on Monday at 11 o'clock.
>> Thank you, sir.
>> Yep. Um item four, discuss and possible
action on advertising for the following
positions. Town administrator, town
administrator search committee, town
treasurer, and assistant to the
assessor.
So, in our package, Jim put together
uh job descriptions
uh that we had available and uh
just one thing, Jim, was that the
information we have is what the assessor
put together. Correct.
>> We'll take a look. I I had mentioned I
apologize. I was down all day. So, let
me look at the assessor.
I think administrator though was first
on that list.
>> No, I know it was. I just wanted to know
that was his.
>> Yes, Jeff.
>> That's John's uh
>> job description. Okay. All right. Well,
let's go back up to the town
administrator. Um
so, this was the job description that we
have available. we, you know, we really
need to review this and make sure that
we're comfortable with everything that's
in here.
And uh but honestly, the biggest part
part of this is we need to advertise
this. So, what are we doing financially
related to this?
Are we keeping
>> If I If I can just interject, I'm sorry.
>> So, we could not find Eric's or what was
used for Eric's uh job description.
That's something I put together off the
web. So, it's likely to be
extra comprehensive, you know, and and
one's a narrative, one's bullets. They
they probably mirror each other, but not
completely. So, who is ever going to be
looking at this is probably going to
want to pare it down quite a bit. But,
it's not it's not an endover
description.
Um,
that's correct. Okay. So, now I got to
go back to Eric and I will go back to
Eric and ask him if he has copy of his
job description.
>> Oh, he did. Oh, no, that was a contract.
Never mind. Sorry.
>> I was I was texting him before this.
Um,
he's up. So,
and these are all PDFs. I can send it to
the board in now that my I I think my
office suite is back in Word. So you
folks can mark it up, red line it,
whatever you want to do with it.
>> You're saying you can send this one that
you sent us in word?
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> Thought we got them
in Word.
>> Oh, you we did. It will allow us to open
it in Word. Yeah.
you uh
yeah you had sent it to us Jim in word
it actually came over in word all of the
job descriptions so um
the town administrator let's talk the
biggest issue for us we have to
advertise this we have to advertise this
in in um
you know the job search engines and we
have to sit there and think about
LinkedIn and different places.
Connecticut website I think is what we
had done uh previously related to this.
Um
but we have to determine what we're char
what we're going to pay someone
are we paying the current rate or are we
increasing the rate? What what's the
plan? I would advertise it with a salary
range.
>> Okay. What's the range?
>> Because because the thing is we could
get a super experienced person and
they're they're going to get a they're
going to demand a higher amount. We
could get a entry level person that has
the background skills like when we got
Eric that would probably come in at a
little bit lower rate. So, I would
probably start at Eric's current rate
and probably
20% more based on experience. 20 to 30%.
>> That's $20,000, right?
>> Yes, it is.
Not saying we have to pay that amount of
money, but if we get a rock star that
comes in and
um it would probably be suitable to pay
that amount of money.
>> All right. So, the range is what? 90,000
to 120.
>> He's making over 90, right? I thought it
was 94.96.
>> He was 104.
>> Okay. That was that was 9496 was last
budget season.
If it might be $100,500.
Thank you.
Sorry, I'm having some problems with my
paper.
I mean, most of the jobs I see
advertised lately, they just they have a
general range.
And Jeff, you had said you looked for
jobs within Connecticut. Did you see
any?
>> No, there's one down southwestern
Connecticut, town manager. I think it
was Wilton, which was a very expensive
town.
>> And that was a little bit higher range.
But I sent you the average salaries from
Indeed for town managers in Connecticut.
>> They didn't find they didn't align with
what Eric put out. So I was I was
surprised. than you know the numbers
that he had put out there. Um,
>> okay. So, a
>> match the data that I had. So,
>> so we'll say a salary range of 95 to
120.
>> Does that work for everyone?
>> Yeah.
>> Is there other stipends in there? Was
there a car allowance in this contract
or anything like that? Mileage
>> $100.
>> Yeah. a month.
>> But that should be in the job
description when we advertise for it. We
should say there's a car allowance.
There's certain perks with the position.
>> Okay.
Okay. Um,
I think with the with the the rate we
should be okay and we'll have to work
with Jim to get this
documented and posted. So, I don't
necessarily know there's anything unless
we want to sit there and make a motion
on the branch.
Anybody?
Okay. You have the numbers in front of
you. Why don't you make the motion,
Jeff? And I'll second.
>> Yeah, we probably should.
>> All right. Um, I'll make a motion that
we post the town administrator salary
range at 95,000 to $120,000
per year to be included in
all advertising for the position.
>> Seconded.
Okay. further discussion on it.
Jeff,
>> go ahead.
>> Before we leave here, you mentioned a
couple. You and I will discuss and we'll
kind of have free range to post it where
we deem appropriate. I'm thinking of,
you know, CCM. There might be a a
Western Rhode Island equivalent of a of
a of a job board. So, we'll brainstorm
on that. And
>> wherever we find appropriate, we'll put
it.
>> I know there LinkedIn. We're going to
get hammered with resumes, but we'll
just filter them out.
>> Yeah.
Um
I know that there's um I know there's a
Massachusetts board. I know there's
other boards like that you're talking
about, Jim. So, we'll just have to do
some research and and get that that
information out there. Uh what we'll
want to do though just from the board
perspective is we'll want to sit there
and get any feedback on the job
description before it's included in that
information. All right. So you you know
we're going to have to I texted Eric to
sit there and see if he's got a copy of
what he has and uh
we'll work with Jim if he doesn't to put
one together. So all right we need to
vote on this. So, any other discussion
on it? All right. Ann Crme,
>> Carol Lee,
>> hi.
>> Jeff Murray,
>> Scott Person,
>> hi.
>> Jeff Magcguire. I So, five nothing. Um,
uh, town administrator search
commission. Um, we need to find two uh
non uh last night, well, I'll just tell
you last night at the um
board of finance meeting, uh Bill D.
Roers was appointed. So, the board now
is is an creme, Bill D. Rogers, Jeff
Magcuire, and we need two other
individuals for that search committee
that are not elected officials.
So, we need to advertise for that. Um, I
believe the advertisement that we're
similar to what we've done in
it's on page eight.
Um,
and I would recommend for the board
members if they have someone that uh
fits and would be an appropriate
candidate that they should sit there and
recommend that they do submit an
application or a letter stating their
intent to serve on that that board. So,
it's on page eight. Anybody have any
comments about it?
All right. If no one has any comments, I
I I make a motion that we
um
we request the town the temporary town
administrator to post this advertisement
in the River East uh soliciting to uh
nonelected official residents to serve
on the town administrator search
committee.
>> Second,
>> okay, we'll say Scott Person seconded
that. Uh, further discussion.
All right. Um, we'll vote. Ann,
>> hi.
>> Carol Lee,
>> Jeff Murray,
>> I.
>> Scott Person,
>> hi.
>> Jeff Magcguire. I 5 nothing. Okay. Town
treasurer.
>> Jeff, before you go, um, because next
week's Thanksgiving, Kate thought we'd
best to wait a week on posting that in
River East. We can do it on Monday, but
we thought she thought maybe um with
Thanksgiving
>> that's fine.
>> Let's just get
>> get it up on the website.
>> Okay.
>> Like you can hold off on the River East
because I'm assuming that that's going
to be a very lightly read paper
>> and we want to put a deadline on it.
>> That's true. Uh let's um let's put uh
two weeks. So that would get us to our
next meeting. When is our next meeting?
Uh, let's look at that.
>> I got it up, Jeff.
>> December 8th.
>> Yep. December 8th.
>> Uh, let's put December uh 7th as the
deadline. Um,
yeah. No,
>> only gives a week. Put
>> December. Put December 5th. That'll be
two weeks.
>> Oh, see.
>> Well, it'll get in the paper, though.
>> It'll get in on the 5th.
>> December 5th.
>> So, we can't do that. Um, well, Jeeoff,
isn't there applications going to go to
the search committee anyways? They don't
go to the board of selectmen.
So, they're going to have to sort all
the all the whatever we get in, right?
>> Uh I would think the board of selectmen
are the responsible party for putting
people on that board.
>> I was say, are you saying the search
committee? Okay.
>> Yeah,
>> that's right.
>> Um so, let's put it for the 19th,
two weeks. Mhm.
>> And then we'll, you know,
we'll get that posted even if we have to
have a very quick special meeting. I
don't like having special meetings, but
in this case, we might need to just get
a special meeting to appoint the two
people. Um,
all right. So, Jim will also talk about
that. We'll get that posted. Uh, I have
Kate put that on the website.
Um,
tomorrow if possible. Well, it's Friday,
some Monday.
Um,
the next item,
uh, town treasurer,
um,
Cheryl
Well, Carol, I'll ask you because I
spoke to Cheryl and what I'd like Cheryl
to do is stay till the end of this audit
that's coming up so that she goes
through this and she's willing to do
that. Um, I don't necessarily know that
I got a really clear answer if she's
willing to stay on, which I don't think
she is.
>> How long is that to the audit? What are
you referring to?
Uh, the audit is for the period of June
30th, 2025. Uh, the auditor just got
underway and I'm not sure, Jim, I think
he might have put it off, but he was
supposed to get started this Wednesday.
Uh, she's put together her binder for
the audit and
what she's going to do is
answer the auditor's questions. An so
the auditor
>> few months
the auditor pulled uh or requested
documents
so to do his testing or their testing.
So they pulled
>> they pulled vendor bills, they pulled
payroll uh uh information. So
she is going to uh stay engaged and
answer the
auditor's questions and make sure that
we get through this audit sequence and
then we as a group have to sit there and
um
advertise for a treasurer. Um, Cheryl
also needs to give us a little bit of
information as to what of her role can
be um, not all of her role could be sh
uh, uh, shifted to Chris in the finance
department,
but
there are some of the role that should
be able to move. So, um,
this one's a little bit tricky
because I do think that we should reward
Chris in the depart in that office
to make sure that she stays there and we
have continuity there. Um,
but we do have to get from Cheryl what
of the job description could be shifted
because there's some parts of that job
that'll be um,
you know, you'll have a
you're not you're not supposed to have
the person that cuts the check reconcile
the bank accounts. So, uh, you don't
want to have that,
um,
internal control issue related to
reconciling and what what's going on.
And
like Chris could probably handle a lot
of the interaction with the auditor. Um,
that's depending upon
where she is at currently with her skill
set and if she's comfortable doing that.
Um, so our
treasurer might position might be
slightly altered in my mind. Um, but
I know Carol, you've been talking to
them. So, what's what's your take on it?
>> I haven't been talking to them. I
haven't.
>> So, I just um the town charter
says that we have a town treasurer.
>> I think that we should put the ad out
there.
um you know if Chris wants to apply for
that position but I I do think that we
should put that out there and see what's
going to be best for the town. I know
that Cheryl gave a proposal with um you
know the c hourly fees for certain
things
and
you know if we want to keep her on you
know till the end of the year to get
through that audit. But I do believe
that we should get a treasurer get that
ad out there too. And I did find the
original one. I know the one that Jim
sent us. I know he was having problem
with the computer, but was for the
finance director back years ago when we
were trying to combine with the school.
But I did send one over at about 4:00
today uh because when I was searching
our website, I found the original one uh
for the town treasurer
>> that we put out and I I think we should
advertise for it. Well, I I I have no no
I I believe I know we need to advertise
it for it. My hope is that we find
someone that and maybe we have someone
in town that, you know,
is a CPA, has been a CPA, can sit there
and assist in in um
in in functioning as the treasurer,
reconciling the bank accounts and moving
forward with what we need to do. I
either that or a a current
person working in
working for a certified public
accounting firm that's doing municipal
audits. you know, it would be a a good
part-time job for someone like that that
might be looking for uh a role because
really what they're doing what what we
should be asking for is someone to
manage the the audit primarily. So, uh,
>> and Eric had a really good idea when he
asked the union town clerk to come in
and help the acting town clerk to, uh,
make sure that everything was running
correctly in that office. Smaller towns
like that where they're only three days
a week, they might be interested in a
position like ours.
>> We might need to ask Ashford.
>> Well, that's the thing. It was union. We
can ask Asheford. We can, you know,
Union is just three days a week, I
think. But sure, we can ask Union. We
can ask Asheford. We can ask
other towns.
>> That's actually a really good idea,
Carol. I like that.
>> Start calling.
>> Yeah. I mean, I I really do. I think
that is something because it's not um
uh it is not
a full-time position
and so
>> um let's do that. But I do think we
should advertise for a town treasurer
anyway and just put it out there.
>> Still advertise,
>> right? I think we should get that ad
out. And if you would like, I will call
other towns and just ask the treasurer
if they'd be interested in applying.
>> Yeah. Okay. Um,
so you sent the job description over.
>> I did.
>> And so, um, we'll sit there and have to
get started in on that and we'll get
that advertisement out there also. uh
we'll try to get it done the week of
Thanksgiving and sit there and and have
it ready to go and then we do need to
work back to the um the job description
so that we have that available for the
individual. Um,
>> so maybe
>> and I'm also going to sit there and say
we have to determine and we need
Cheryl's assistance as to
what we could
split off of her role and and give to
Chris.
Well,
there's a lot going on.
Um,
but we need a treasure. It's kind of
like the municipal uh the elderly and
the social service director. We need to
have someone in those roles.
>> So, right now, Cheryl is still the
treasurer.
>> Right. I till December 1st. Yeah.
>> I believe, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay.
And then after that we would revert to
the hourly rate if it takes till the end
of December,
middle of January to complete the audit.
>> Um
that's if the auditor
um everything works out properly with
the auditor.
So they decide when they want to finish
it and but hopefully hopefully Cheryl
moves them moves them along. She's got
it fairly organized.
>> Is what Caitlyn was asking for something
that Cheryl could would do or is that
whose job is that?
>> I'd say which one?
Uh, Kaitlyn was asking about corrective
measures and is it just the letter?
>> No, the corrective the corrective
action. Um,
the corrective action
there are two issues that have been
addressed by the auditor. Um,
there was a corrective action plan
submitted by Eric and the superintendent
didn't disagreed
with some of the language.
So, it became an issue that the auditor
contacted me. I met with Valerie. I have
to sit there and circle back with the
auditor to sit there and get
it
finalized. It's a it's a it's a
it's an issue related to reconciling
bank accounts at the school.
And
>> but
>> you're saying that that's a town
administrator job or that's a first lect
and not
>> No, no, it was it was a I I know Caitlyn
has her hand up and I'll get to you,
Caitlyn. Um
the
issue ended up being that it's supposed
to be
the auditor called me and he's like, you
know, he just wants an answer from the
town because you have to remember it's a
town audit. It's not a school specific
audit. It's a town audit.
And
uh
we just need to sit there and find a way
to
uh make the language work.
And what what I was dealing with is is
all of us on this board understand.
There was um uh Eric was making
uh the corrective action plan and he
worked with the auditor on it and the
auditor approved his wording, his
language. Uh, it's just that Valerie
didn't approve of his language. So,
Caitlyn,
>> yeah, sorry. Um, just for clarification
in terms of the timeline on that, um, I
believe because I was copied on the
email from Eric, um, he submitted that
uh, written corrective action plan um,
maybe like three or four days before he
ended his time working in Andover and it
was supposed to be done in June. So,
she's been asking for to be working
together on this for many, many months.
It's not like this is like a new thing
and it was done back in June and then
never be addressed. Um, and in terms of
the language specifically regarding the
reconciliation,
it's not an issue on the school side or
the town side. It was an issue on I I
believe the auditor's language was not
having it done on a monthly basis
between the town and school, but having
it done at the year end. Uh and that's
where the language issue was that she is
not happy with specifically.
>> Okay.
So, we still need to deal with that and
we will and
uh we will make sure that we don't cause
any issues for the school getting grants
which I know is not really going to
happen.
Okay.
So, the town treasure ad will also go in
and let's now talk to the assistant to
the assessor. So, I know that John
and I and and I don't believe Jim there
was actually
an advertisement that John put in here.
He had had he had provided it to you
because I had seen it. It's not in our
package, but that advertisement needs to
go up. So everything from the assistant
assessor has been um
this has been created by John Chaponus.
So
>> correct there is there is an ad page
taken that up front there.
>> Okay. So
>> and that's done.
>> That one's actually done. Um so that one
would also get posted. Um,
>> so you're saying the assessor put that
ad out already?
>> No, no,
>> no,
>> no. He he provided us a job description
and the ad.
>> So, okay,
>> we just need to put it out there. Um,
so it would go in the River East on the
same cycle. The question on all these,
just for everybody, is is it just two
weeks?
I I think we have to get that out there
pretty quick, especially the assistant
to the assessor. Uh because I thought I
heard Jim say last night at the board of
finance meeting that um the newly
elected town clerk was still helping in
that office. That's a union position.
So, I don't believe that
I don't know that that's allowed. You
know, I I I can I I I
uh I understand why you're saying it,
but reality is we don't have anybody in
that office. Somebody's going to have to
answer questions and
>> that's why we have to move quickly on
these positions and get them filled
>> and that's fine. So again, I asked the
same question. Is it two weeks that
we're giving for applications to come in
or do you want to go a week?
>> And who are we going to get in a week?
Oh, it's holiday time. I think we should
go two minimum of two weeks, maybe even
20 days.
>> Well, that's what we were doing. We were
put putting it in the in in the River
East on the Monday. We'll put it on the
other job boards
immediately. We'll put it on the website
immediately, but it was it was going to
go in the River East on the 5th and we
were going to get responses back on I
think on the 20th. And was that the
right date sequence?
So it would go in the 5th and we were
asking for information back on the 19th.
So that was two weeks.
So
>> and then we could have a special
meeting. Um
>> could have a special meeting. I mean,
that one we're going to have to go
through the the job descriptions
ourselves,
and John Chaponis will end up having to
meet within. And
I mean, I guess what I would sit there
and do is I would have
um
really I would have Jim and John meet
with candidates and then sit there and
make a recommendation to the board and
say, "This is what we want to do."
Anybody
have any problems with that?
>> That's a good idea.
>> All right.
>> So,
>> I just wanted to take a look at the
charter and see what the charter says as
far as filling those positions. Well,
anyway, we can look at that.
I believe there's supposed to be a board
of We're supposed to ask assessors of
other towns to come in too to um
>> for an assistant
>> interview in the selection
>> for an assistant to the assessor.
>> Well,
>> I'm just asking I mean I could easily
see for the assessor,
>> right? Um
>> so from a common sense perspective it
would make sense because that individual
will be working for John and for Jim in
current position. So and specifically
for John. So, you would want him to sit
there and uh,
you know, do his analysis of the
applicants and then sit there and make a
recommendation to the board as to the
best applicant to fill that spot. That
would just be me.
That would make sense. And and listen,
and I'll tell everybody, we haven't
filled a lot of these positions in a
long time.
So,
um, the treasure is probably the one we
filled most recently than any of the
others. So,
anyway, anybody got any other anything
else
on that? Okay. Do we want to make any
motions on any of that?
We know we're gonna we know that Jim is
and we're gonna work to put in the ads
on
>> the River East for the fifth. Everything
as soon as we can get it available,
we'll go up on the website and we'll go
from there, right? And then Indeed and
all of the other job boards that anybody
sits there and can recommend, we'll sit
there and do that as well.
Okay. and any of the state boards that
might be beneficial for these postings
and applications to go out to.
Okay.
Uh, anybody else have anything on four
that we need to deal with?
Okay, we'll move on to item five.
discuss uh and possible action on prior
assistant town clerk.
I know she sent us a letter.
Anybody have anything that they'd like
to do regarding that letter?
>> Did we have we had the assistant town
clerk on the agenda?
>> Yeah,
>> somebody put it there.
>> Yeah.
>> Number five.
>> I didn't put it there.
>> You didn't put Okay.
>> Assistant town clerk. No, she had sent
us that was um
>> Britney Britney. She sent us all a
letter.
>> I'm sorry. Okay, we're talking about the
two position.
>> Yeah,
>> I'm okay.
>> That she did not get the same pay as
the the Lauren came in after her.
>> So, what do we do?
I
>> Well, I thought I thought I remember,
excuse me, Jeepa. I thought I remembered
that
>> a couple weeks before she left, she was
appointed the town clerk,
>> acting.
So, she should have been the acting town
clerk starting February 1st when there
was no one in there because she actually
was doing all of the duties of an acting
town clerk.
>> Well, okay.
I'm just saying it
>> I mean and I'm just going to go for my
end from my end and I and I appreciate
that but uh Britney was appointed in
Carol by you to the
>> assistant town clerk. That was her job.
That was her pay rate.
And
when there was a transition in that
office, we still had you in that office
and she was still the assistant town
clerk even though we probably should
have made her the acting town clerk, but
we chose not to. We didn't want I didn't
want to. You were there. And then
there's a
I just don't feel there's any we have
any issue related to the request
because you also because what we're
doing is we're relating it to Laura's
Laurens's appointment in the temporary
position and again this board doesn't
have the ability to appoint an assistant
town clerk. We only had the ability to
appoint the acting town clerk. So, I
don't really think the the rate issue is
>> But then we hired a second person for
backup and training office.
>> Yep. We trained her, we worked to train
her, make sure that we didn't make any
mistakes. So, correct, we did.
>> But again, this board doesn't have the
right doesn't have the authority to
appoint an assistant town clerk unless
you tell me I'm wrong, Carol.
>> When it's an elected town clerk, you
don't. But at that point in time, there
was no elected town clerk as of January
3125.
>> Okay. But we didn't have elected town,
>> but but we didn't do that with Lauren's
situation. But with Britney's situation,
she was appointed previously and that
was her reign.
So I don't have any issue of not
I am not a vote for uh giving her any
additional compensation.
>> I don't understand why the compensation
was higher for Lauren. Why? And if
Lauren deserved the higher pay then I
thought Britney should deserved it too.
I agree
>> because when we were discussing the
salary um
there well
we did everything in executive session.
So anyway um I I just think only to be
fair that we should do that. I I think
that she's due that amount. Um she
worked by herself for two months in
there too. You had me train. You put the
deadline on June 30th. So, she had 5
months of training.
>> Okay. What do you guys want to do?
>> Does anybody know what the delta is?
What are we even talking about for
amounts here? What's the delta
roughly?
So, it's another
>> Why did it take so long to come to our
attention?
Well, we have we have another issue
there too that um with the email too
with another employee to four times
>> $5,712.
And is that money already in the line
item for the town clerk salary?
>> It should be in there under assistant or
something because there was um two
months again that she was in there by
herself
only collecting um
>> and we weren't paying assistant town
clerk salary. We were we weren't paying
a town clerk salary at the time. We're
just paying the assistant.
>> Correct. Correct. So even if we did pay
her the delta,
there's still going to be we're still
not exceeding that line item amount for
this year because we didn't have an
assistant or we didn't have or the
other,
>> right?
>> This is a tough one for me because are
we are we legally obligated? I don't
know. But are we morally obligated? I'm
kind of tending to say yes.
>> I think we are too. It's only fair.
>> So I would like to make the motion that
we do uh reimbur
the exact amount.
>> That is the exact amount. Yes. penny.
5,000.
>> How much time are we talking about here,
Carol?
>> 5,700.
>> Oh, time. Time.
>> Time.
>> What do you mean?
>> From when to when?
>> It would be from February 1st until
August
22nd, I believe, was the last day.
>> You You were in there
>> till June 30th. Right. Till June 30th.
And we paid you when we paid you $60 an
hour,
>> right?
You're right.
>> But after but after she left,
>> but that was the right
>> that period that All right. So that
period. So if Carol's there till June
and we're talking August, right? I would
say
>> Carol is when you were there, I don't
think we're obligated to pay her. When
you left and she was there on her own, I
would say yes. But again, if you're
thinking about it, um, the same
situation. And what did you pay the
Union Town clerk? What did Eric pay the
Union town clerk to come in?
>> $50 an hour.
>> This is because $50 an hour for
several months from August right through
until
>> But she wasn't there. And she was there,
you know, she wasn't there all the time,
>> 9 hours a week.
>> What was she there? And you know, the
acting town clerk
at
>> just listen just make your motion. It's
>> um what is what is the amount of money?
All right. So the last day the last day
that you were there and left the town
hall to the time that she left that
position, what's the amount of money
that we're talking there?
>> So what are you saying? The last day
that I trained.
>> Yeah. The last day that you were there
training because you were you had a
physical presence there. Like how many
weeks was she there basically manning
the fort?
She would have been there from July 1
until August 22nd.
But then, I mean, if you're counting it
that way, I did have a vacation in the
middle of there, too.
>> Talking six weeks.
I mean, the time that they she was there
by herself. I think morally we should
probably compensate her for the acting
town clerk's position for those six
weeks.
I don't I don't really know if it's
appropriate, Daryl, if you were in there
>> at the same time. But if she was there
alone, I would I would tend to think
morally we should probably bear.
That's my take.
And I don't know what that dollar amount
works out to be.
What's the delta per week? If she's
there six weeks, what's the delta per
week?
>> Why don't why don't we actually have the
treasurer calculate it or the the the
finance office calculate it and come
back to us at our next meeting?
>> Then you got to subtract what she was
paid.
>> As I say, the delta, the difference
between,
>> right? I just did the difference is what
I did.
>> Yeah.
So, if we sit there and bring it back to
our next meeting, we can at least get
the we can get both numbers. We can get
the number that Carol's talking about
and we can get the number for the the
six week time frame and we should also
get the number for the two weeks that we
actually appointed her as the acting
town clerk,
>> right? Because she got paid for that
part.
>> No, she didn't.
>> Not the full salary. Yeah, I don't think
there was ever a change because acting
town clerk is still in the role of the
assistant town clerk. You just need
somebody that can sign a document and
send it to the state
>> because I did try to do that at one of
our meetings to
have her named acting town clerk, but
that wasn't what everyone decided.
>> Okay. Um,
so I mean obviously Britney has waited
all of of this time to sit there and and
raise this. So um I I don't think doing
this in December will be
that negative.
>> The question that I had why why did it
take so long to come up?
Well, because Scott in her defense, it
probably she realized that Lauren was
probably getting paid the town clerk
salary and she was probably questioning
it.
>> So, September, October, it's only two,
it's only a couple months since
Lauren took over.
>> It's okay. Does anyone have any problems
if we sit there and move this to
December? and and Jim, we would ask you
to get the breakdown from the finance
department as to what would be the
difference for Britney's compensation.
Right.
>> Anybody have any problems with moving it
to December?
>> No.
>> Okay. All right. Um,
six, discuss and possible action on
board and commission clerk.
So,
go ahead. And commission clerk, um,
you're currently 1099.
Um,
I
I'm wondering why we can't just pay
through payroll for that position.
Um, I'm just the I mean, we could, but
this is another one of those things that
we have to address
next month because we got to look at
what her contract is because
I think the way that this has been
structured for the board clerk is the
board clerk gets a certain amount of
money
to do the initial writing of the
minutes,
>> right?
>> It's not a standard hourly rate. It's
not as if we pay the board clerk, you
know, $25 an hour and they do their It's
not like that,
>> right? Flat fee like 75 or $80 for the
meeting and if the meeting
>> What does Marina want?
>> X amount of time. She likes to go
through payroll.
>> Yeah.
>> And because she's
not working
over the 19 hours a week, it wouldn't
affect us with MS or anything else. So
putting her through payroll wouldn't,
you know, cost us any additional for
benefits or
>> she doesn't she doesn't want to do the
tax return issue currently that she's
dealing with. She just wants a W.
>> I understand what she's asking for. I
just think I just think the way that
it's structured
>> is
it puts us at a how I'm thinking of it.
How does our how does our treasur's
office come calculate out the pay?
That's the issue. So
>> So she's just a flat salary for x amount
of hours per week. Is isn't that what
you did with the road crew foreman
through uh payroll?
just a flat number of hours just so that
it didn't interfere with the MS benefits
and 70 an hour $70 an hour.
>> I I I have no problem but again in my
head and I don't know the contract
language that is addressed it's it's
just an odd thing. I know there's a a
flat number for each meeting to have to
go through the hours on the meeting and
then there's uh an amount of money over
and above you know when she submits her
hours and submits an invoice and gets
paid by the treasur's office. So
>> I don't I don't technically I mean
>> the only thing that it would do to the
town is the town would have to incur in
incur some additional social security
and Medicare costs and um state
unemployment taxes and federal
unemployment taxes. So there's there's
those extra costs there that currently
Marina has those when she does her tax
return. So, um, it it's something that
we need to look at in a little more
detail,
>> but I'm sure those would be minimal. And
also, I don't know that she has a
contract to take care of our minutes. I
believe it was just a job description
for people to and just gave the outline.
if I remember, unless something
>> Eric changed something and put her under
contract, but to the best of my
knowledge, it was just a job description
saying you get this flat amount for the
attending the meetings, taking the
minutes, and if it goes over x amount of
hours, you get an additional whatever I
think it was $20 an hour. Well, how
about we sit there and get that document
to everybody before the next meeting in
December and then we evaluate this and
make a decision in the December meeting.
>> Okay.
>> I just think it's hard to get board
clerks and you know, she's not asking
for much.
No, I I don't necessarily I'm I would
tell you, Carol, I'm not adverse to
sitting there and
and putting her on payroll if we can do
the calculation correctly. And you know
what you recommended is possible that we
could sit there and just have a flat
number, but
we need to sit there and consider
the extra costs because we have been
sitting there doing some things that are
going to add up on costs and you know
with all these changes there's going to
be costs associated with them. So we
want to minimize them as much as we can.
So, let's look at it in December and we
can get Marina an answer before, you
know, she's already been paid as a 1099
vendor for this year. So, it's not
really this year that's impacting her.
It's next year. So,
>> Okay.
>> All right.
Okay.
Anything else?
>> Jeff, could we talk about something a
timesensitive uh issue?
Um, we're not supposed to, but I am I
I'm Scott called me earlier. I'll sit
there and I'll just tell you there's uh
there's movement on the grants related
to the field and we're going to work,
Jim and I, to make sure that we get
those signed correctly. It will probably
end up being me as the first selectman
signing them. Uh unless Jim has made a
change to that or you know you know Eric
>> you'll need two resolutions at your next
meeting pass two certified resolutions.
>> Okay.
>> What one changing the signature one for
the new grant that really nothing's been
done on. That's the one we met on today.
>> Okay. We'll sit there and deal with
those in our um December meeting. Scott.
Okay.
Unless that causes you a problem, Jim,
from a timing perspective.
>> No, I mean I mean we can move forward. I
mean there's a budget we have to submit
and we'll have to get some more
information on submitting uh for
dispersements because we have
>> meeting next week again, Jeff.
Okay.
>> Another board of selected meeting you're
asking for, Scott?
>> Yeah. A special meeting this next week.
We have to move this along, Jeff. It's
gonna It's going to cost the It's going
to cost the town some money if we this
doesn't move.
>> Just so you know, the resolutions aren't
that pressing.
Christina and I are going to work on the
budget and get that to them. The DCD is
not going to it's not going to change
any different from a special meeting.
They still have to get us the enabling
legislation for one of the resolutions.
So, the form of that resolution they
they have to give us and that's not done
yet. So,
>> okay. So, you're telling us that uh I
understand Scott's desire to move it
along, but it's not really in a position
we have to get it done before our
December meeting.
>> Well, there's two resolutions. If you
want to have a special meeting to pass
the signatory resolution and then wait
till December for the other one, that's
that's up to you folks. Well, what what
is either one of us signing before the
next December meeting?
>> Um, the budget. We submit the budget.
>> When are you going to have the budget
done?
>> Yeah, but it's a very it's a very small
budget. That's the $250,000
uh grant. And it's
>> We need a And we need a PO, Jeff. Here's
the thing. We need a PO be so that the
millennial builders can buy the stuff.
>> The playground. the playground so that
we can get it before the price increase
they if we get a PO to them they will go
and buy the playground equipment
>> okay um
>> if we don't get that to them
>> Jim on Monday
>> 10% more
>> okay
>> 10%
>> on Monday can you get us a you and I
will talk about a timeline and make sure
that we understand and if we have to
schedule a special meeting we will
>> Okay All right,
>> that's how you see it, right?
>> You're on mute.
>> You're mute.
>> Mute, Christine.
>> Sorry about that. Yeah, it is a deadline
issue. Um our our budget is tight and
the extra grant money affords us to do
the things all the things that we hoping
to do having the contractor run uh
manage the project for us and the price
changes happen
early early December like the 3rd or the
4th. So, um, once that price goes up,
we lose out. Um,
>> okay. PO is sufficient for them, they
said.
>> So, so I spoke with Craig from
Millennial Builders today, and he said
that this happens all the time with with
grant monies and with small towns, and
he they have no problem purchasing it as
long as the PO is in place and the
project is bonded.
>> So, I apologize. I don't know how to
unmute this. Um Jim, this is something
we can talk about. Um we are going into
budget season and with losing the
treasur coming up soon uh in the middle
of an audit. Things are going to be a
little tight in in the finance office,
but Jim, we'll go over all this next
week early. It's a short week, but we'll
do the best we can.
>> Thank you.
So, um, if I could just mention one more
thing with regards to the signature, um,
changing that over will also allow us to
process the first two quarters of the
the second grant, the $250,000. Um, the
two quarters have already passed by to
which we could have we can re we can
seek reimbursement, which is $125,000.
It's done administratively. the
transaction will happen they said in
less than a month once the page is
submitted and it's a very small page
because it's there's um the the quarters
have already passed so they
>> money is not spent by June
>> and by June it's gone
>> and they said push this ahead
>> yeah and really it's early June that it
needs to be spent because
>> uh we need to be able to show before the
end of the month that it was
>> okay.
>> And that the paper trail is complete.
>> Okay, Chris, we can sit with um Jeff and
clarify.
Is it the steep money is the four-year
and the the money that's reimburseable
is the 500,000.
>> Yeah. So, that that steep grant is a is
a four-year reimburseable. That's not an
issue. It's the $250,000 grant is in
within one fiscal year needs to be
spent. That's the one we haven't given
the budget on yet.
>> Yes. And that's the one that she she
said she would be have. It's so small
that it's a one page and she would even
walk us through it on the over the
phone.
>> Okay. That's not the reimburseable.
>> That's not the the one we missed the two
quarters on.
>> Uh yes, that's the one we've already two
quarters have already passed that we can
seek um reimbursement. Well, we'll have
to clarify because we haven't even
submitted the budget on that yet. How
could we have missed it?
>> Well, because it was awarded.
>> Yeah, it is. It was an awarded.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. So, so I I'm just letting
everybody know we're going to end up
having a special meeting because the
issue really ends up coming down to the
playground equipment and having the
purchase order in place for the
playground equipment and knowing um what
we need to do related to the finance
office. We have to have that that
meeting, have the motion made, and then
go back and work with Chris to make sure
that the purchase orders are caught for
the playground equip.
>> He's going to front us the money, buy
the stuff, and but he needs that PO.
>> Well, the biggest issue is that he gets
the 10% deduction.
>> Got to be done quick.
>> Yeah. All right.
>> May I speak? um without a treasurer. So,
I cannot, you know, really do anything.
That might be something that Cheryl
would want to chime in with. She's
familiar with the whole process of this
and she's familiar with everything
that's going on with the steep grants.
Um it's something our treasurer handles.
I can do the best I can, but she might
be able to just really clarify
everything for you guys.
>> Thank you. and and and that's
understood. The issue that we really
need to get, Chris, is a purchase order.
You know, we're not asking for anything.
I don't believe they're asking for
anything related to paperwork or any
submission. This is this is a resolution
that we're moving forward. And here's a
purchase order to
>> the Millennium Builders that's going to
purchase the um playground.
>> Understood. Completely understood.
Thanks, Jeeoff. Yeah.
Okay. So,
um do we have any other issues?
Okay. We don't have public speak. So,
does anyone have a problem if I have
public speak?
>> No.
>> Okay. So, we're going to go around test
grow.
>> Nothing for me, sir. Uh, Chris,
>> thank you. No, I'm good.
>> All right. Kimberly Person,
>> all set. Thank you.
>> Liz Latch,
>> thank you. Uh, all set.
>> All right. And Miranda.
>> Okay. Miranda gone once.
twice. Okay. And Christine Rendazzo.
All good.
>> Okay. All right, everybody. Um,
I'm going to make a motion to adjurnn.
>> Seconded.
>> Uh, all those in favor? I. Five.
Nothing.
>> All right. Thank you very much.
Appreciate it. Um, we'll get back with
you next week on another meeting. Right.
>> All right. Thanks.